---
page_title: "mist_org_webhooks Data Source - terraform-provider-mist"
subcategory: "Org"
description: |-
  This data source provides the list of Org Webhooks.
  A Webhook is a configuration that allows real-time events and data from the Org to be pushed to a provided url.It enables the collection of information about various topics such as device events, alarms, and audits updates at the org level.The Webhook can be set up and customized using the Mist API, allowing users to receive and analyze specific data from a particular site.
---

# mist_org_webhooks (Data Source)

This data source provides the list of Org Webhooks.

A Webhook is a configuration that allows real-time events and data from the Org to be pushed to a provided url.  
It enables the collection of information about various topics such as device events, alarms, and audits updates at the org level.  
The Webhook can be set up and customized using the Mist API, allowing users to receive and analyze specific data from a particular site.


## Example Usage

```terraform
data "mist_org_webhooks" "webhooks" {
  org_id  = "15fca2ac-b1a6-47cc-9953-cc6906281550"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `org_id` (String)

### Read-Only

- `org_webhooks` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--org_webhooks))

<a id="nestedatt--org_webhooks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `org_webhooks`

Read-Only:

- `assetfilter_ids` (List of String) Only if `type`==`asset-raw-rssi`. List of ids to associated asset filters. These filters will be applied to messages routed to a filtered-asset-rssi webhook
- `created_time` (Number) When the object has been created, in epoch
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether webhook is enabled
- `headers` (Map of String) If `type`=`http-post`, additional custom HTTP headers to add. The headers name and value must be string, total bytes of headers name and value must be less than 1000
- `id` (String) Unique ID of the object instance in the Mist Organization
- `modified_time` (Number) When the object has been modified for the last time, in epoch
- `name` (String) Name of the webhook
- `oauth2_client_id` (String) Required when `oauth2_grant_type`==`client_credentials`
- `oauth2_client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Required when `oauth2_grant_type`==`client_credentials`
- `oauth2_grant_type` (String) required when `type`==`oauth2`. enum: `client_credentials`, `password`
- `oauth2_password` (String, Sensitive) Required when `oauth2_grant_type`==`password`
- `oauth2_scopes` (List of String) Required when `type`==`oauth2`, if provided, will be used in the token request
- `oauth2_token_url` (String) Required when `type`==`oauth2`
- `oauth2_username` (String) Required when `oauth2_grant_type`==`password`
- `org_id` (String)
- `secret` (String, Sensitive) Only if `type`=`http-post` 

when `secret` is provided, two  HTTP headers will be added: 
  * X-Mist-Signature-v2: HMAC_SHA256(secret, body)
  * X-Mist-Signature: HMAC_SHA1(secret, body)
- `single_event_per_message` (Boolean) Some solutions may not be able to parse multiple events from a single message (e.g. IBM Qradar, DSM). When set to `true`, only a single event will be sent per message. this feature is only available on certain topics (see [List Webhook Topics]($e/Constants%20Definitions/listWebhookTopics))
- `splunk_token` (String, Sensitive) Required if `type`=`splunk`. If splunk_token is not defined for a type Splunk webhook, it will not send, regardless if the webhook receiver is configured to accept it.
- `topics` (List of String) List of supported webhook topics available with the API Call [List Webhook Topics]($e/Constants%20Definitions/listWebhookTopics)
- `type` (String) enum: `aws-sns`, `google-pubsub`, `http-post`, `oauth2`, `splunk`
- `url` (String)
- `verify_cert` (Boolean) When url uses HTTPS, whether to verify the certificate