---
page_title: "mist_org_deviceprofile_ap Resource - terraform-provider-mist"
subcategory: "Wi-Fi Assurance"
description: |-
  This resource manages the AP Device Profiles.
  AP Device profiles for aps are used to specify a configuration that can be applied to a select set of aps from any site in the organization. They allow for efficient application of configurations based on ap groups, wlan groups, RF settings, and sites. Device profiles enable various use cases such as activating ethernet passthrough, applying different rf settings, applying mesh configuration, activating specific features like esl or vble, and more.
  The AP Device Profile can be assigned to a gateway with the mist_org_deviceprofile_assign resource.
---

# mist_org_deviceprofile_ap (Resource)

This resource manages the AP Device Profiles.
AP Device profiles for aps are used to specify a configuration that can be applied to a select set of aps from any site in the organization. They allow for efficient application of configurations based on ap groups, wlan groups, RF settings, and sites. Device profiles enable various use cases such as activating ethernet passthrough, applying different rf settings, applying mesh configuration, activating specific features like esl or vble, and more.

The AP Device Profile can be assigned to a gateway with the `mist_org_deviceprofile_assign` resource.


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "mist_org_deviceprofile_ap" "deviceprofile_ap_one" {
  name   = "deviceprofile_ap_one"
  org_id = mist_org.terraform_test.id
  esl_config = {
    enabled = true
    host    = "1.2.3.4"
    type    = "native"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String)
- `org_id` (String)

### Optional

- `aeroscout` (Attributes) Aeroscout AP settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--aeroscout))
- `ble_config` (Attributes) BLE AP settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ble_config))
- `disable_eth1` (Boolean) Whether to disable eth1 port
- `disable_eth2` (Boolean) Whether to disable eth2 port
- `disable_eth3` (Boolean) Whether to disable eth3 port
- `disable_module` (Boolean) Whether to disable module port
- `esl_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--esl_config))
- `ip_config` (Attributes) IP AP settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ip_config))
- `lacp_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lacp_config))
- `led` (Attributes) LED AP settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--led))
- `mesh` (Attributes) Mesh AP settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mesh))
- `ntp_servers` (List of String)
- `poe_passthrough` (Boolean) Whether to enable power out through module port (for APH) or eth1 (for APL/BT11)
- `pwr_config` (Attributes) Power related configs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pwr_config))
- `radio_config` (Attributes) Radio AP settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--radio_config))
- `site_id` (String)
- `uplink_port_config` (Attributes) AP Uplink port configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--uplink_port_config))
- `usb_config` (Attributes) USB AP settings
  - Note: if native imagotag is enabled, BLE will be disabled automatically
  - Note: legacy, new config moved to ESL Config. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--usb_config))
- `vars` (Map of String) Dictionary of name->value, the vars can then be used in Wlans. This can overwrite those from Site Vars

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique ID of the object instance in the Mist Organization
- `type` (String) Device Type. enum: `ap`

<a id="nestedatt--aeroscout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aeroscout`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable aeroscout config
- `host` (String) Required if enabled, aeroscout server host
- `locate_connected` (Boolean) Whether to enable the feature to allow wireless clients data received and sent to AES server for location calculation


<a id="nestedatt--ble_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ble_config`

Optional:

- `beacon_enabled` (Boolean) Whether Mist beacons is enabled
- `beacon_rate` (Number) Required if `beacon_rate_mode`==`custom`, 1-10, in number-beacons-per-second
- `beacon_rate_mode` (String) enum: `custom`, `default`
- `beam_disabled` (List of Number) List of AP BLE location beam numbers (1-8) which should be disabled at the AP and not transmit location information (where beam 1 is oriented at the top the AP, growing counter-clock-wise, with 9 being the omni BLE beam)
- `custom_ble_packet_enabled` (Boolean) Can be enabled if `beacon_enabled`==`true`, whether to send custom packet
- `custom_ble_packet_frame` (String) The custom frame to be sent out in this beacon. The frame must be a hexstring
- `custom_ble_packet_freq_msec` (Number) Frequency (msec) of data emitted by custom ble beacon
- `eddystone_uid_adv_power` (Number) Advertised TX Power, -100 to 20 (dBm), omit this attribute to use default
- `eddystone_uid_beams` (String)
- `eddystone_uid_enabled` (Boolean) Only if `beacon_enabled`==`false`, Whether Eddystone-UID beacon is enabled
- `eddystone_uid_freq_msec` (Number) Frequency (msec) of data emmit by Eddystone-UID beacon
- `eddystone_uid_instance` (String) Eddystone-UID instance for the device
- `eddystone_uid_namespace` (String) Eddystone-UID namespace
- `eddystone_url_adv_power` (Number) Advertised TX Power, -100 to 20 (dBm), omit this attribute to use default
- `eddystone_url_beams` (String)
- `eddystone_url_enabled` (Boolean) Only if `beacon_enabled`==`false`, Whether Eddystone-URL beacon is enabled
- `eddystone_url_freq_msec` (Number) Frequency (msec) of data emit by Eddystone-UID beacon
- `eddystone_url_url` (String) URL pointed by Eddystone-URL beacon
- `ibeacon_adv_power` (Number) Advertised TX Power, -100 to 20 (dBm), omit this attribute to use default
- `ibeacon_beams` (String)
- `ibeacon_enabled` (Boolean) Can be enabled if `beacon_enabled`==`true`, whether to send iBeacon
- `ibeacon_freq_msec` (Number) Frequency (msec) of data emmit for iBeacon
- `ibeacon_major` (Number) Major number for iBeacon
- `ibeacon_minor` (Number) Minor number for iBeacon
- `ibeacon_uuid` (String) Optional, if not specified, the same UUID as the beacon will be used
- `power` (Number) Required if `power_mode`==`custom`; else use `power_mode` as default
- `power_mode` (String) enum: `custom`, `default`


<a id="nestedatt--esl_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `esl_config`

Optional:

- `cacert` (String) Only if `type`==`imagotag` or `type`==`native`
- `channel` (Number) Only if `type`==`imagotag` or `type`==`native`
- `enabled` (Boolean) usb_config is ignored if esl_config enabled
- `host` (String) Only if `type`==`imagotag` or `type`==`native`
- `port` (Number) Only if `type`==`imagotag` or `type`==`native`
- `type` (String) note: ble_config will be ignored if esl_config is enabled and with native mode. enum: `hanshow`, `imagotag`, `native`, `solum`
- `verify_cert` (Boolean) Only if `type`==`imagotag` or `type`==`native`
- `vlan_id` (Number) Only if `type`==`solum` or `type`==`hanshow`


<a id="nestedatt--ip_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip_config`

Optional:

- `dns` (List of String) If `type`==`static`
- `dns_suffix` (List of String) Required if `type`==`static`
- `gateway` (String) Required if `type`==`static`
- `gateway6` (String)
- `ip` (String) Required if `type`==`static`
- `ip6` (String)
- `mtu` (Number)
- `netmask` (String) Required if `type`==`static`
- `netmask6` (String)
- `type` (String) enum: `dhcp`, `static`
- `type6` (String) enum: `autoconf`, `dhcp`, `disabled`, `static`
- `vlan_id` (Number) Management VLAN id, default is 1 (untagged)


<a id="nestedatt--lacp_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lacp_config`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--led"></a>
### Nested Schema for `led`

Optional:

- `brightness` (Number)
- `enabled` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--mesh"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mesh`

Optional:

- `bands` (List of String) List of bands that the mesh should apply to. For relay, the first viable one will be picked. For relay, the first viable one will be picked. enum: `24`, `5`, `6`
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether mesh is enabled on this AP
- `group` (Number) Mesh group, base AP(s) will only allow remote AP(s) in the same mesh group to join, 1-9, optional
- `role` (String) enum: `base`, `remote`


<a id="nestedatt--pwr_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pwr_config`

Optional:

- `base` (Number) Additional power to request during negotiating with PSE over PoE, in mW
- `prefer_usb_over_wifi` (Boolean) Whether to enable power out to peripheral, meanwhile will reduce power to Wi-Fi (only for AP45 at power mode)


<a id="nestedatt--radio_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `radio_config`

Optional:

- `allow_rrm_disable` (Boolean)
- `ant_gain_24` (Number) Antenna gain for 2.4G - for models with external antenna only
- `ant_gain_5` (Number) Antenna gain for 5G - for models with external antenna only
- `ant_gain_6` (Number) Antenna gain for 6G - for models with external antenna only
- `antenna_mode` (String) enum: `1x1`, `2x2`, `3x3`, `4x4`, `default`
- `band_24` (Attributes) Radio Band AP settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--radio_config--band_24))
- `band_24_usage` (String) enum: `24`, `5`, `6`, `auto`
- `band_5` (Attributes) Radio Band AP settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--radio_config--band_5))
- `band_5_on_24_radio` (Attributes) Radio Band AP settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--radio_config--band_5_on_24_radio))
- `band_6` (Attributes) Radio Band AP settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--radio_config--band_6))
- `indoor_use` (Boolean) To make an outdoor operate indoor. For an outdoor-ap, some channels are disallowed by default, this allows the user to use it as an indoor-ap
- `scanning_enabled` (Boolean) Whether scanning radio is enabled

<a id="nestedatt--radio_config--band_24"></a>
### Nested Schema for `radio_config.band_24`

Optional:

- `allow_rrm_disable` (Boolean)
- `ant_gain` (Number)
- `antenna_mode` (String) enum: `1x1`, `2x2`, `3x3`, `4x4`, `default`
- `bandwidth` (Number) channel width for the 2.4GHz band. enum: `20`, `40`
- `channel` (Number) For Device. (primary) channel for the band, 0 means using the Site Setting
- `channels` (List of Number) For RFTemplates. List of channels, null or empty array means auto
- `disabled` (Boolean) Whether to disable the radio
- `power` (Number) TX power of the radio. For Devices, 0 means auto. -1 / -2 / -3 / …: treated as 0 / -1 / -2 / …
- `power_max` (Number) When power=0, max tx power to use, HW-specific values will be used if not set
- `power_min` (Number) When power=0, min tx power to use, HW-specific values will be used if not set
- `preamble` (String) enum: `auto`, `long`, `short`


<a id="nestedatt--radio_config--band_5"></a>
### Nested Schema for `radio_config.band_5`

Optional:

- `allow_rrm_disable` (Boolean)
- `ant_gain` (Number)
- `antenna_mode` (String) enum: `1x1`, `2x2`, `3x3`, `4x4`, `default`
- `bandwidth` (Number) channel width for the 5GHz band. enum: `20`, `40`, `80`
- `channel` (Number) For Device. (primary) channel for the band, 0 means using the Site Setting
- `channels` (List of Number) For RFTemplates. List of channels, null or empty array means auto
- `disabled` (Boolean) Whether to disable the radio
- `power` (Number) TX power of the radio. For Devices, 0 means auto. -1 / -2 / -3 / …: treated as 0 / -1 / -2 / …
- `power_max` (Number) When power=0, max tx power to use, HW-specific values will be used if not set
- `power_min` (Number) When power=0, min tx power to use, HW-specific values will be used if not set
- `preamble` (String) enum: `auto`, `long`, `short`


<a id="nestedatt--radio_config--band_5_on_24_radio"></a>
### Nested Schema for `radio_config.band_5_on_24_radio`

Optional:

- `allow_rrm_disable` (Boolean)
- `ant_gain` (Number)
- `antenna_mode` (String) enum: `1x1`, `2x2`, `3x3`, `4x4`, `default`
- `bandwidth` (Number) channel width for the 5GHz band. enum: `20`, `40`, `80`
- `channel` (Number) For Device. (primary) channel for the band, 0 means using the Site Setting
- `channels` (List of Number) For RFTemplates. List of channels, null or empty array means auto
- `disabled` (Boolean) Whether to disable the radio
- `power` (Number) TX power of the radio. For Devices, 0 means auto. -1 / -2 / -3 / …: treated as 0 / -1 / -2 / …
- `power_max` (Number) When power=0, max tx power to use, HW-specific values will be used if not set
- `power_min` (Number) When power=0, min tx power to use, HW-specific values will be used if not set
- `preamble` (String) enum: `auto`, `long`, `short`


<a id="nestedatt--radio_config--band_6"></a>
### Nested Schema for `radio_config.band_6`

Optional:

- `allow_rrm_disable` (Boolean)
- `ant_gain` (Number)
- `antenna_mode` (String) enum: `1x1`, `2x2`, `3x3`, `4x4`, `default`
- `bandwidth` (Number) channel width for the 6GHz band. enum: `20`, `40`, `80`, `160`
- `channel` (Number) For Device. (primary) channel for the band, 0 means using the Site Setting
- `channels` (List of Number) For RFTemplates. List of channels, null or empty array means auto
- `disabled` (Boolean) Whether to disable the radio
- `power` (Number) TX power of the radio. For Devices, 0 means auto. -1 / -2 / -3 / …: treated as 0 / -1 / -2 / …
- `power_max` (Number) When power=0, max tx power to use, HW-specific values will be used if not set
- `power_min` (Number) When power=0, min tx power to use, HW-specific values will be used if not set
- `preamble` (String) enum: `auto`, `long`, `short`
- `standard_power` (Boolean) For 6GHz Only, standard-power operation, AFC (Automatic Frequency Coordination) will be performed, and we'll fall back to Low Power Indoor if AFC failed



<a id="nestedatt--uplink_port_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `uplink_port_config`

Optional:

- `dot1x` (Boolean) Whether to do 802.1x against uplink switch. When enabled, AP cert will be used to do EAP-TLS and the Org's CA Cert has to be provisioned at the switch
- `keep_wlans_up_if_down` (Boolean) By default, WLANs are disabled when uplink is down. In some scenario, like SiteSurvey, one would want the AP to keep sending beacons.


<a id="nestedatt--usb_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `usb_config`

Optional:

- `cacert` (String) Only if `type`==`imagotag`
- `channel` (Number) Only if `type`==`imagotag`, channel selection, not needed by default, required for manual channel override only
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable any usb config
- `host` (String) Only if `type`==`imagotag`
- `port` (Number) Only if `type`==`imagotag`
- `type` (String) usb config type. enum: `hanshow`, `imagotag`, `solum`
- `verify_cert` (Boolean) Only if `type`==`imagotag`, whether to turn on SSL verification
- `vlan_id` (Number) Only if `type`==`solum` or `type`==`hanshow`



## Import
Using `terraform import`, import `mist_org_deviceprofile_ap` with:
```shell
# Device Profile can be imported by specifying the org_id and the deviceprofile_id
terraform import mist_org_deviceprofile_ap.deviceprofile_one 17b46405-3a6d-4715-8bb4-6bb6d06f316a.d3c42998-9012-4859-9743-6b9bee475309
```