---
page_title: "mist_org_sso Resource - terraform-provider-mist"
subcategory: "Org"
description: |-
  This resource manages Org SSO Configuration.
  Org SSO, or Single Sign-On, is a method of authentication that allows users to securely log in to multiple applications and websites with a single set of login credentials.It involves integrating the Org portal with an Identity Provider (IdP) using the Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) framework.This enables users to authenticate themselves through their corporate IdP, eliminating the need to remember separate passwords or enter credentials each time they access the Org portal.
---

# mist_org_sso (Resource)

This resource manages Org SSO Configuration.

Org SSO, or Single Sign-On, is a method of authentication that allows users to securely log in to multiple applications and websites with a single set of login credentials.  
It involves integrating the Org portal with an Identity Provider (IdP) using the Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) framework.  
This enables users to authenticate themselves through their corporate IdP, eliminating the need to remember separate passwords or enter credentials each time they access the Org portal.


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "mist_org_sso" "sso_admin_one" {
  org_id            = mist_org.terraform_test.id
  name              = "sso_admin_one"
  custom_logout_url = "https://idp.com/logout"
  idp_cert          = "-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----MIIF0jC .../fSCGx7-----END CERTIFICATE-----"
  idp_sign_algo     = "sha512"
  idp_sso_url       = "https://idp.com/login"
  issuer            = "my_idp_issuer"
  nameid_format     = "email"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `idp_cert` (String) IDP Cert (used to verify the signed response)
- `idp_sign_algo` (String) Signing algorithm for SAML Assertion. enum `sha1`, `sha256`, `sha384`, `sha512`
- `idp_sso_url` (String) IDP Single-Sign-On URL
- `issuer` (String) IDP issuer URL
- `name` (String) Name
- `org_id` (String)

### Optional

- `custom_logout_url` (String) a URL we will redirect the user after user logout from Mist (for some IdP which supports a custom logout URL that is different from SP-initiated SLO process)
- `default_role` (String) default role to assign if there’s no match. By default, an assertion is treated as invalid when there’s no role matched
- `ignore_unmatched_roles` (Boolean) ignore any unmatched roles provided in assertion. By default, an assertion is treated as invalid for any unmatched role
- `nameid_format` (String) enum: `email`, `unspecified`
- `role_attr_extraction` (String) custom role attribute parsing scheme. Supported Role Parsing Schemes <table><tr><th>Name</th><th>Scheme</th></tr><tr><td>`cn`</td><td><ul><li>The expected role attribute format in SAML Assertion is “CN=cn,OU=ou1,OU=ou2,…”</li><li>CN (the key) is case insensitive and exactly 1 CN is expected (or the entire entry will be ignored)</li></ul>E.g. if role attribute is “CN=cn,OU=ou1,OU=ou2” then parsed role value is “cn”</td></tr></table>
- `role_attr_from` (String) name of the attribute in SAML Assertion to extract role from. Default: `Role`

### Read-Only

- `domain` (String) Random string generated during the SSO creation and used to generate the SAML URLs:
  * ACS URL = `/api/v1/saml/{domain}/login` (e.g. `https://api.mist.com/api/v1/saml/s4t5vwv8/login`)
  * Single Logout URL = `/api/v1/saml/{domain}/logout` (e.g. `https://api.mist.com/api/v1/saml/s4t5vwv8/logout`)
- `id` (String) Unique ID of the object instance in the Mist Organization



## Import
Using `terraform import`, import `mist_org_sso` with:
```shell
# Org PSK can be imported by specifying the org_id and the sso_id
terraform import mist_org_sso.sso_admin_one 17b46405-3a6d-4715-8bb4-6bb6d06f316a.d3c42998-9012-4859-9743-6b9bee475309
```