---
page_title: "mist_site_psk Resource - terraform-provider-mist"
subcategory: "Wi-Fi Assurance"
description: |-
  This data source provides the list of Site PSKs.
  A multi PSK (Pre-Shared Key) is a feature that allows the use of multiple PSKs for securing network connections.It provides a simple and comprehensive way to onboard client devices without relying on client mac addresses.Each psk has its own key name, which can be used for user-level accountability, key rotation, and visibility in the management platform. It supports the creation, rotation, and auto-expiration of psks, and allows vlan assignment and role assignment for dynamic per-user policies.Multi PSKs create virtual broadcast domains and can be used for end-user onboarding via authenticated sso login.
  Mist supports two methods of Site PSKs lookup:
  localradius
---

# mist_site_psk (Resource)

This data source provides the list of Site PSKs.

A multi PSK (Pre-Shared Key) is a feature that allows the use of multiple PSKs for securing network connections.  
It provides a simple and comprehensive way to onboard client devices without relying on client mac addresses.  
Each psk has its own key name, which can be used for user-level accountability, key rotation, and visibility in the management platform. It supports the creation, rotation, and auto-expiration of psks, and allows vlan assignment and role assignment for dynamic per-user policies.  
Multi PSKs create virtual broadcast domains and can be used for end-user onboarding via authenticated sso login.

Mist supports two methods of Site PSKs lookup:
* local
* radius


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "mist_site_psk" "psk_one" {
  site_id    = mist_site.terraform_site.id
  name       = "JNP-FR-PAR"
  passphrase = "secretone"
  ssid       = mist_site_wlan.wlan_one.ssid
  usage      = "multi"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String)
- `passphrase` (String, Sensitive) passphrase of the PSK (8-63 character or 64 in hex)
- `site_id` (String)
- `ssid` (String) SSID this PSK should be applicable to

### Optional

- `email` (String) email to send psk expiring notifications to
- `expire_time` (Number) Expire time for this PSK key (epoch time in seconds). Default `null` (as no expiration)
- `expiry_notification_time` (Number) Number of days before psk is expired. Used as to when to start sending reminder notification when the psk is about to expire
- `mac` (String) if `usage`==`single`, the mac that this PSK ties to, empty if `auto-binding`
- `note` (String)
- `notify_expiry` (Boolean) If set to true, reminder notification will be sent when psk is about to expire
- `notify_on_create_or_edit` (Boolean) If set to true, notification will be sent when psk is created or edited
- `old_passphrase` (String, Sensitive) previous passphrase of the PSK if it has been rotated
- `role` (String)
- `usage` (String) enum: `multi`, `single`
- `vlan_id` (String)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique ID of the object instance in the Mist Organnization
- `org_id` (String)



## Import
Using `terraform import`, import `mist_site_psk` with:
```shell
# Site PSK can be imported by specifying the site_id and the psk_id
terraform import mist_site_psk.psk_one 17b46405-3a6d-4715-8bb4-6bb6d06f316a.d3c42998-9012-4859-9743-6b9bee475309
```